	Monday, June 26th 
	Part 1
	Task 1: find out the reasons of global climate change (Yalan Zhao, Kaiyin Wu)
	Task 2: find out the reflection of climate change (Meng Wei, Yi Xu)
	Task 3: find out the most lately solutions to climate change (Yimin Zhou, Zepeng Hu)

	Task 1: find out the reasons of global climate change 
	* 5% nature factor: solar cycle
	* 95% human factors: fossil fuel combustion, land over-usage, animal industry, agriculture pollution, etc. 
	Task 2: find out the reflection of climate change
	* Global temperature rise 
	* Sea surface rise, sea water temperature rise, ocean acidification, glacial ablation, extreme weathers or disasters, 
	ecosystem unbalance, participation and evaporation capacity change. 
	Task 3: find out the most lately solutions to climate change
	* Adaptation solution: architecture, rivers, dam, 
	* Mitigation solution: Carbon production process+ Carbon transport process
	Energy efficiency + Renewable energy + Carbon capture and storage (CSS) 

	Part 2
	Task 1: what is the current global governance structure? (Kaiyin Wu)
	Task 2: what is the structure of United Nations today? (Yi Xu)
	Task 3: what is the problem of the current governance structure? (Meng Wei)
	Task 4: what reforming direction have all sectors of the society pointed out? (Yalan Zhao, Zepeng Hu)
	Task 5: What good or bad cases can we find? (Yimin Zhou)

	Task 1: what is the current global governance structure? (Kaiyin Wu)

	Task 2: what is the structure of United Nations today? (Yi Xu)
	Task 3: what is the problem of the current governance structure? (Meng Wei)
	* Friable governance structure
	* Weak mandotory
	Task 4: what reforming direction have all sectors of the society pointed out? (Yalan Zhao, Zepeng Hu)
	* Equality of states --> communities of interest -->communities in responsibility --> communities of destiny 
	* Global democratic deficit (程序民主 VS 实质民主)
	* United law, together with united enforcement capacity 
	Task 5: What good or bad cases can we find? (Yimin Zhou)
	* 联合国气候变化框架公约(United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change)


	Tuesday, June 27th 
	Task 1: What’s influence does Amazon Rainforest has? (Yimin Zhou)
	Task 2: Yalan Zhao sharing: Earth Water Circulation system 
	Task 3: further study on the problems of current problems of the global governance model (Meng Wei)
	Task 4: Identify the two levels of the independent factors 
	Task 5: What good cases we can find in some specific countries? 

	Task 1: What’s influence does Amazon Rainforest has? (Yimin Zhou)
	Task 2: Yalan Zhao sharing: Earth Water Circulation system 
	Task 3: further study on the problems of current problems of the global governance model (Meng Wei)
	* Loose governance capacity
	* Unable to solve the interest conflicts
	1) Economy development differentiation 
	2) Ideologies differentiation
	3) Geopolitics existence 
	Task 4: Identify the two levels of the independent factors 
	First level factor: 
	- participation capacity, evaporation capacity, GDP per capital, 
	- Population growth rate, CO2 emission, forest cover
	Second level factor: temperature rise 
	Task 5: What good cases we can find in some specific countries? 
	Japan: great public voice + political party support (1970) + legal benefit + environment assessment system
	UK: long-term legislation enforcement + energy efficiency rating 
	Germany: legislation on land use



	Wednesday, June 28th 
	Task 1: What statistical method can we use when finding the relations with the factors? 
	Task 2: what further problems can be found in the current global governance model? 
	Task 3: what response did some specific countries have to the agreements？ 

	Task 1: What statistical method can we use when finding the relations with the factors? 
	AHP：analytic hierarchy process
	Task 2: what further problems can be found in the current global governance model? 
	- Low barrier for exit, 
	- poor motivation system, 
	- poor supervision and monitoring system
	Task 3: what response did some specific countries have to the agreements？
	“Adoption, sign, join” are different. 
	See WRI-World resource institute to find the tracking system 
	http://www.wri.org/resources/maps/paris-agreement-tracker
	http://www.wri.org/faqs-about-how-paris-agreement-enters-force



	Thursday June 29th 
	Part 1: 
	Task 1: create graphs on tableau
	Task 2: AHP identification on factors
	Task 3: further study on AHP method

	Part 2:
	Task 1: what more solutions can be found to solve climate change?
	1. Develop the reginal economy by full utilizing the local advantages.
	2. Multi-national companies play an important role in this process
	3. Utilize the internet and sharing economy technology 

	Other:
	By reading the articles in Nature, we get a new direction of doing statistical analysis under the topic of climate change: 
	* Integrated assessment modelling
	* Climate change modelling 

	So, the final question comes to: 
	* How to convince countries to adopt a sustainable economy?
	* How to motivate multi-national companies to participate in cross-country cooperation? 




